human you are clever it's ok ok
ok it's good I break 12h06 ndakarou
said we are for a new video
and for this time a tutorial for
a mode how to install this mode
precisely who makes the legs bend
when courbin it's been there it's not too much
full so when a lot we see that
does it like that finally that is rather
realistic and so when we are in the water
it faces is like going
so it's super stylish
it's a super fashion that I really like
a lot so I'm sorry for them
people they like a lot small fail
but you can not do you can not
the installed with the small fact that
will not walk unless at your house this
walk maybe I do not know at all
case at home it did not work
so that's how I found this
mode and ben I find I'm not
I was in search train look
on on planet planet minecraft and
I actually found out I came across this
months later I installed everything
simply and I did not work
am told why I removed modes
I just take off the fine ones and there
it works and so I was a bit of
since little fans it's still
very practical and it already has a little
less with little fayt finally here
so we do not say where we are going
learn how to install super fashion
and those are going to go
find on my desk
so here we are on my desk
finally rather on a web page so
I will put you the link 2 2
in the description of the video for the
download so here you will be interested
on this page you have to do download
momo ben it's called the way
after you wait of course the five
seconds normally so it's not for
that's for the guy who made
stuff times it's not money they
do so here's where you go on dawn
just lahoud and you wait
still five seconds so that's still
not for me it's still not seen
for me
so here we wait we wait we wait
tac and here we were there and it
just press it
so here you are calling on it except
that I 'm not going to do it since
I already have the mode on my desk
no it's not that it's a plugin on my
office right here so to ensure you there
will need to be sure that you will
install forges
finally I did not do you the tutorial
to install forge because it's a
tutorial to install that it's not
to install forges so that's forge
so after you do that you do
the key windows r % and you write %
of your% and so here after you go
so for minecraft you go in
fashion if you do not have everything leads
since Thursday if you have not strong fort
web you do not have the mode folder
if you have strong I did not have you the
of these modes simply needs the
create mode with with an s at the end
so that's fashion and you move everything
just this here in the fashion folder
and you started minecraft
so that's usually the end
normally it has to work and if that
do not walk and well we must not know that
you have to check that everything is on kraft
that we do here you must have a
other pass more padt more more more
well you just open with the
notepad stuff
so here you put everything on too
sure too much that's because it's not that
on you this time on zombies
the creepers and everything so I do that
I copied a video of a video in
did because I had that I had that
peeled yesterday they have good with them that after
the ag buy things here so you
launch minecraft you press play
and now we have to wait
until martin launches so
here is a minecraft on minecraft
so there you press the mode for
check if he is there he is there
so it's no so now you
can go on the server you
so you can not go well
sure in my lodge and not finally so here
there he is where it's too good it's
all too well this first round so when
again you can take a sword well
sure and look what it does it does
really realistic it's a trick of
sick I finally gets off on
life and kaka g4 no there are plenty of
things that are stylish like, see when
they fly it's like he's falling
Jew with horses
that's it if it loses realistic anyway I
advise you to download these super
stylish and that's it so I have you all
actually shown here is in the water
it's so it was ok so here it is
I hope this tutorial will have you more
that you will use this mode is sorry
if people like them if you want
that's if you like a lot of small fail
you have to let the little fans
game side a bit with that one when this
mode that you lift up you pick up
opitciwan it's like me what I have
does so so that's it so I hope this
tutorial will have pleased you do not hesitate to
which to comment on and even subscribe
east on everyone be quiet a
dock